[clang][Sema] Handle function parameter packs in `PackDeductionScope::addPacks` (#215235)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.md

  affect C++26 constexpr structured bindings and expansion statements, but
  also affects some uses of plain structured bindings. (#GH211930)

> - Fixed a crash during template argument deduction where a function parameter pack is referenced by other types in the function type. (GH28877, GH213760)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an assertion during template argument deduction where a function parameter pack is referenced by other types in the function type. (GH28877, GH213760)
```
